Built cool.
 Uh-huh.
 And so then, like, I paired you up at seven AM, I was somehow, Would you have for breakfast? The CRop campus.
 I'm still missing somebody in the list.
 Is it Keegan? Kegan's No.
 It's damn.
 He's gonna be a little late.
 By the way.
 Well I appreciate that Daniel Murphy is that Daniel Murphy five? Thank you.
 Christian, very appreciated.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 So my situation could have been different, but this is what technology is all about.
 So Our lecture, we can do a preview.
 It'd really be better in person.
 Because I prepared it for in person.
 So if any so here's what we have.
 Whenever we're doing this, you would keep on your multiple screens.
 The GitHub and the spreadsheet open that would be one way of doing it.
 So I go to the GitHub and the class folder.
 So I'm just doing that now.
 Or the email.
 And you would look for today and so what you would see is that I had a class for handout.
 So you could open that up or open it up via email.
 I'm only trying to raise awareness to this because in my mind, this is a way that we should be teaching an additional virtual so people don't feel that they're hunting and pecking around for something.
 But the other article was up at the top and it had it was an article and I still like to keep them separate, but it makes people work a little harder.
 So I don't have a perfect librarian strategy there.
 So if we open up the Agile article, which was also in your email, as a backup.
 So the message is trying to have a few just a few things, a few ways that you can see it.
 So I will give you a preview of the article for a preview of next week but if you want to open the also have the class handout because that's the summary.
 That's the cheat sheet.
 So that's another item I try and do.
 And so why don't everybody raise your hand or let me know when you're I can't see everyone.
 Unfortunately, it's probably the only thing I don't like about this system.
 But you could use chat and say on it, done, so that I can keep up with chat.
 Oh, I can put it in this cheat sheet.
 Why didn't Christian, why didn't you tell me that? What? Why didn't you tell me just to put it in the chat? I would do it.
 If I wasn't thinking.
 I don't mean to put you on space.
 My bad.
 No problem.
 Alright.
 Well, everybody's pulling that up.
 So I know you hear me say this all the time, but I like to express that this is really amazing what we just did.
 We were able to coordinate.
 We had a situation.
 And I can tell you right now that in the business world, if you had a major sales presentation, you know, you used to be that you would have to sure that you're on campus by eight AM and you're getting set up.
 So I just want you to really appreciate the amount of savings that we have here and businesses, they look at everybody who's on this call right now and they'll add up your time.
 So this is this is amazing.
 Does anyone think it's not amazing today or what could be better? Jonathan, Jonathan, you're the only one on my screen, so you got the pig.
 I didn't do it on purpose.
 Well, I under Dan, we're back to we're back to the quiet land of of chat.
 So that's part of the reason why I'm just filling up with my monitor right now.
 So, like, there's a lot of cable noise.
 So I'm just trying to, like, not take up bike space.
 Okay.
 And it's on a second screen.
 Does anybody have issues? Documents are we opening up again? Sorry for interrupting by the way.
 You are fine, Andrew.
 They're in the chat Is it the two links you just posted? Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 I didn't know if those were the ones or there were other ones.
 Thank you.
 Nope.
 I'm trying to be modern too.
 Since we have an example today.
 So this is my scripting class.
 So just to give you an idea, appreciation of paper.
 So this plus three books was one class in this accordion.
 That's what you have to look forward to to your later education, but all this was done.
 There were no links.
 That's what I'm trying to say to you.
 Good.
 It was working this way.
 But I feel that learning needs this interactive component now, and other people do too.
 So regarding the in the GitHub, I'm looking at Locker chapter four review the strategic content.
 And so the review of this is we've already been reviewing these learning objectives.
 Talking about wordiness.
 Talking about the use of grammarly, talking about how you're organizing your thoughts and your language.
 And how in any communication you send out for performance wise, you're in a great position now because you can use multiple systems in order to be crafting your material.
 Now I did some research because I know that Grammerly is expensive and not everybody has it.
 There are the the only option that is available that seems to be reasonable is called the language tool by Python.
 So if you have the Python software, you can install the language tool.
 You can put your text in python and it will do correct for you.
 So if anybody would like that could you put it in the chat for me because I want to see if people have an interest than that and I could because again, Python some work, Python's coming, but we're sticking to the course material at the moment.
 So when you look at these learning objectives, PHro got cut out.
 Hold on.
 I'm trying to Okay.
 Pierre's there.
 So he just did a cool thing where he sent a chat So here we are on the Microsoft system and he sent a chat and it interrupted this so that cool stuff.
 This didn't work like this before trust me.
 So there are links, Pietro in the chat section which we're using in the email I sent and you have the links.
 Of the summary sheet for today which we're doing an overview and the summary sheet and then opening our GitHub.
 I mean, our Google sheets.
 So we all want to be in there.
 I see a lot of people in there.
 Looks like we are missing a few people in there though.
 So we got five.
 So if you're not in there, if you could work on that please.
 So point back to the learning objectives for when apply the guideline.
 This is getting into your own cheat sheet that I don't have done yet.
 But it's talking about your your style guide.
 And so you wanna be able to reflect upon that And the end of the message in here is it has some techniques, wordiness, how many conjunctions you have, getting rid of unnecessary words, So as you start to do in phase two starting next week, the writing will be that's what I will be looking at and I'll be giving you feedback on that too many words, too many notes, so forth.
 Or a different way to reflect in structure as I'm trying to do in on the submit sheet.
 So again detailed comments are in there.
 I put the date when I do them so you can reflect on them.
 So but in the section two, you can eliminate a look.
 You can address this a lot of this Should should you be learning grammar and syntax? A few of you have said that it it would be important to do so.
 So A good reference book helps you do that and again I brought in a couple two weeks ago.
 I used The Economist and I have another one.
 But I know the way everybody works today that, you know, that's gonna depend on your job.
 So the message is is that if you have high technical jargon on your job and they have certain ways of writing you're going to want to form your own cheat sheet or a template.
 And locker gets into templates in chapter four and chapter five and so that's what's in the the exercise section.
 Even she has in there how to address an envelope.
 Can anyone say if they've if they've been concerned about how they've put together an envelope, I'm just curious.
 I've been concerned as to have put together a check.
 Like writing a check? Yeah, but never an envelope because I learned that when I was like six years old.
 But yeah, because I don't use checks very often.
 So, like, I've been like, oh, who do I address it to? Oh, that's interesting.
 Isn't that? Yeah.
 Well, It used to be if you would send out your resumes and if they were going to a secretary and this is not twenty years ago.
 Thank you Ryan.
 Oh look at that.
 Ryan's suggesting use of templates on Google which is good.
 Oh, Stephen's commenting good.
 Good use of chat everyone.
 Thank you, Steven.
 But honestly, you could get rejected by a secretary and I mean that's not even twenty years ago.
 I'm not kidding.
 So, you know, big change, big change with with human resource automation.
 So Ryan says that he will double check with Google.
 Good job.
 Remember that you can take a picture.
 So if you have a picture, take a picture Put your picture in Google, translate it, load it to chat beat GPT and ask if it says it's formatted correctly.
 So I don't know if anybody wants to check on the side.
 That would be that would be one over there Christian chat GPT.
 Do you do So at this point in time, just why I'm saying this.
 Does anyone raise your hand if you do not have chat GPT? Jonathan, Daniel.
 We have a done Fine, don't think I do.
 I don't think I do.
 It's all browser based? Okay.
 Willen, yeah.
 Because there a link in someone supposed to link or whatever? Just as lookup, Chad, on Google and is the first option.
 Links in there.
 Let's not do it during class if you don't mind, Andrew.
 Okay.
 Thank you, Steven.
 The I've been reading about this and there's just a lot of debates going on on like where I'm having you all Steven's laptop slow.
 No problem.
 Are you on the are you able to plug in? Always something to keep in mind.
 I worked for an employer one who made me go to the store by a hundred foot cable to run a line and they said don't do any work until it was done.
 True story.
 Absolutely true story.
 And so I had to run it because of the way the router was and I had to run it over the house and oh my god, it was awful.
 But back to Chat GPT, the Some people are doing exactly what I'm doing.
 I'm encouraging you to use it, but I'm encouraging you with caution.
 I'm encouraging you with caution because I can tell you right now that the chat GPT to if you go to using a grammar tool is they're not in sync.
 So chat chat, GPT is generating the content but it's not generating the grammar.
 It's not doing conjunction sentences very well.
 So if we go back to if you have multiple monitors.
 I am bringing more.
 I am getting more for you.
 Every week, I'm bringing one or two.
 So whoever doesn't want one.
 Mean whoever still needs one, let me know.
 And and bless you.
 I have your Kate.
 Bless you just put in the chat if you couldn't you got that monitor running or not, so I know what to get you, please.
 But if you go here to number two, learning objective four point two.
 So I I can I'll catch up with that, Steven.
 The four point two, so I can tell you that it is working really well on the reduction of words.
 It is doing nothing with emotional color coloring.
 And so what emotional coloring is is talking about how you feel or you're feeling blue or you know getting into variants that your, you know, your skin is itchy.
 Okay.
 It's chat GPT isn't doing that.
 It doesn't want to hear it.
 And If we would like business cases for that, we could, but I'm trying just to direct you on what will get to business communication in this phase two.
 But it is doing active voice.
 So number three, it is doing the good work with verbs.
 And it's absolutely eliminating wordiness.
 It's in fact eliminating too much wordiness.
 So I view that that's a good thing for each person to figure out how to make sure they're adding context into chat, GPT so it's in your language.
 It will eliminate unnecessary sentences.
 So this is automation that's unbelievable.
 I mean, it is.
 It's just unbelievable.
 Now parallel structure So parallelism, this is thanks to holding up.
 It's in our GitHub but this is in the Andrew Tufti.
 I mean, I'm forgetting the author's name, first name, Tufti.
 But it will but she has a great chapter Virginia.
 That's right.
 Virginia.
 She has a great chapter on parallelism, which is topic point number seven.
 That's also what I've been referring to as obstruction.
 Or being able to refer to something in third person or like you're floating on a cloud, it doesn't do that.
 So think of your audience as you're checking your work and If basically you get a bullet point list of what you need in an a piece of information and put that in chat GPT, it can then write you paragraphs around that bulleted information.
 So I'm not suggesting that you all cheat on your papers.
 However, I am suggesting that you can reflect on things you can get jammed worked on quicker.
 So but this is the bad news.
 And we bought it that, you know, jobs are gonna be severely under threat with what's going on here.
 Severeally.
 So The last point is, and it wasn't in the learning objectives.
 Where is it? So in the book, Again, this is why I like locker and I thought the money was worth it.
 I had my backpack.
 Sorry.
 Is she talks about the use of words.
 Imagine that.
 So I would like everybody right now to go to in the Google sheet Click over to the right to the syllabus tree and again I'm doing this for you.
 You are welcome to add anything in here.
 But I thought it was very telling that she's saying Same thing I've been saying to you and other research is saying that your use of words to recharacterize something will differentiate you.
 So all I'd like you to do is for everyone and you can't see me doing this but I'm gonna do it on screen now.
 I'm gonna share my screen so let's get that hooked up.
 So hopefully this is if anyone would like to tell me in the chat does it look good? Is it too big? Is it too small? Is my resolutions really different than most people.
 So at the Jonathan saying some work may have been deleted in the Google sheet I do download it every day but we do want to be caught careful of that.
 You only want to work in your section.
 Of the spreadsheet.
 We really shouldn't be in anybody else's except for reading.
 Again, that was the only drawback with not having a database structure to this method.
 But if you look at the top of my screen here, what I did I'll take a look, Jonathan.
 So at the top of the screen, I'm putting the arrow Well the filter on you everybody, one thing about the filter and it seems that I should just do this.
 Is that you can have your own filter view.
 So if I go to our main sheet, I'm responding in kind to Melody So on the filter sheet, If I say none, that's my own filter.
 Most of the time, most of the time when you filter It's gonna ask you am I filtering for me or am I filtering for everyone.
 But if anyone wants to have just their own filter view, all you do is go filter view, create new filter, and then it's your name.
 So maybe I'll just make one for everyone.
 I don't I didn't want this to be an ongoing issue.
 I'm sorry Jonathan that it was.
 But I just go here to b h and then I'm filtering and we're all on this filtering differently right now.
 This is pretty common practice.
 So to pull back on here, So even in here, just to review the basics, I pull down the top section.
 I'm running my mouse.
 If you can see it, I'm making this text editor window bigger and then with the text editor window, Simply, you copy information wherever it is.
 And I should only be like everybody like I tell you in my section, right? So I'll go down here to Brian.
 I have some big writing in there blah blah blah down the bottom of the screen.
 I right click, paste special, copy and paste this plain text.
 And that's it.
 Sometimes it'll auto format the spreadsheet.
 Sometimes you just go on the left, You wait until it changes to the arrow, double click and it exercises it for you automatically.
 And then the last part is is once you're in the cell, you can work in the text window.
 You hold the control enter key to create a new line.
 Control enter is default across multiple systems.
 But that's how you create a multiple line.
 And so sometimes you see me separating yours and that's how I do it.
 Okay.
 Well, on syllable tree, same thing applies.
 So the definitions are going in the box.
 So you as this continues to expand, you just span down apropos and I'm copying and pasting everything, preposition and adjective But part of the trick of this is is that a you will learn the words as you go along, but sometimes you're going to just want to add more polysylobics into your writing.
 That's where you will differentiate yourself, technical jargon, polysylobics.
 So you can look at the words and say yeah, this out swagger might do it or resurgence might do it or ubiquitous.
 What's that? So this is a cheat sheet so you're not then spending more time on the Internet.
 That's the constant theme.
 For our presentation today, which is now going to next week on the second part which is business what they're doing with business communication in terms of using Agile or business methodology.
 Is they're even going to be narrowing to the format of how you write in business communication to to certain types of documents.
 So what that is is again part of this broader movement to get rid of email because that's a very serious movement they're working on.
 And that's again why I recommend to you be careful of what you put on email and only put good stuff.
 Don't put on a business computer unnecessary items.
 Just, you know, like Pietro said, just text it.
 If if if you want to share your number with a coworker, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
 It's a bad thing to share your phone number with your boss if you don't want them calling you and they don't pay for your phone.
 So keep that in mind.
 You don't have to let anybody have your equipment.
 Alright.
 So any questions so far anyone or any interesting tidbits anybody would like to share, thoughts.
 I'll wait, you know, thirty seconds while people are doing that.
 Thinking.
 Jonathan says no.
 Often when I'm in the Google sheet, I have two of them open.
 That's another item I don't use just one Google sheet.
 I use two.
 So instead of reading on one page and flipping the page, I have before and after up.
 So that's how I'm updating the words.
 So I'll be in your submit page.
 I'm trying to remember somebody did Ash, you did a great job with up.
 We'll go to Ash.
 You did Ashon? I can't tell.
 But Ash did a great job with some words this past week and One word that Ash really liked was Where is it? Colminate.
 So ash ash found culminate to be interesting and encapsulate.
 So encapsulate is when you put container around something and culminate as this whole series of events that are occurring kind of like, oh, I'm going the wrong way.
 Kind of like going this to a pivot point, so it culminates into a final outcome.
 So culminate Nice three syllable word.
 Perfect.
 And then encapsulate.
 Get up to four syllables.
 So that's That's definitely a good one there.
 So instead of saying in a business communication, we got the work done.
 We could say Jonathan's efforts culminated in the successful completion of the job.
 And so you're saying the same thing and, you know, maybe at some point people you're communicating with.
 Christopher talked about this.
 He's not in there.
 Today.
 He's doing some weird cross country in a in a three hundred dollar vehicle or something.
 Hopefully, he's not on the side of the road.
 But he said as at his communication company that if you use big words, big words, that other people would get upset by that.
 And and I can tell you that that does happen.
 Sometimes you might need to learn to to modify yourself.
 But you know, that that's what I'm trying you to get to.
 You know, we got the job done versus Jonathan's efforts champion the culmination of activities to complete the work.
 So there's one I'm just making up on the fly.
 Anyone else would like to chime in on one just what they see here that that's totally cool.
 We're gonna spend some time doing jam work together.
 But thank you Ash for capsulate that wasn't there.
 Ash also liked hierarchy.
 So hierarchy is fitting.
 We got a good three word or there.
 And And by the way, I'm just adding columns as this gets bigger.
 There's no rhyme or I don't have any like fancy automation here.
 So people are wondering if this fancy there's no fancy automation.
 So I'm just building it manually based on everything we experience in the course.
 But hierarchy this is a hierarchy here.
 So we have a hierarchy top to bottom of syllables.
 So from one level to the other.
 Many businesses say that you have the workers to the c suite, to the b suite, to the a suite hierarchy.
 So just the different layers of an organization.
 And so just looking at another Oh, from last week's discussion.
 Very good Ash two.
 He put in Flanix.
 So Ash is getting a lot a lot of big credit today.
 Cred trash.
 So that was the military column.
 I thought was something else, so you can't know everything.
 And Ash was unfamiliar with muskets.
 So it could have been a little a lot of Americans ash.
 We we grew up in history talking about our musket guns.
 So that's where maybe some of that still is.
 Now you'll think of muskets and, you know, a pointy hat and long red coat or something of that sort.
 So they would put Twanix down there.
 So that's how this is working.
 Now, ultimately, I could show you a picture of it.
 So you can kind of see where it's going.
 I'll just put it on I'll put it on my fault I'll send you a picture.
 I was waiting for this next week So here we have some interaction.
 Oh, So I'll just do this.
 So part of the research, so this is scientific research here.
 It's hard to see.
 I'm I'm sorry.
 It was more for next week.
 But the other side of this table, so I'm in the video, I'm showing you a picture for my computer.
 Is I'm showing you a polysyllabic cheat sheet that's in columns.
 So the other cheat sheet that this will look like is it's going to be a table and the table is then organized by an ontology of words.
 And so what I mean by an ontology is I'm back on the spreadsheet now.
 I'll go up at the top of the spreadsheet.
 So ontology is Word grouping one.
 So on this spreadsheet here, we have So speaking task a turn, so this is like on Word Grouping one seems that we have one on communication, and so we will put words of communication to gather in a different spreadsheet.
 And the, you know, you're gonna be able to take this with you and so quiescent so quiescent, you're quiet.
 Communication, pithiness is part of communication that you can communicate and say less words, and there was one more on here.
 And if anyone wants to add while I'm doing this, you you can.
 But this would be Word group one.
 So the point is is that then we create an ontology so you have a syllable tree and you have an ontology tree.
 So this is what the research indicates as the best thing to do to increase your business communication.
 So again, remember, I'm tool based.
 I want my classes or I'll have tools that you can use when we walk away.
 So the next one is going to be well, we have one that just happened to be, oh, equipped this communicator vacation.
 A Quip is a short statement like I can't always do quips off the and anyone have a quip Pietro, you must have a quip.
 I must what? You must have a quip.
 A quip, a short.
 I do not right now, unfortunately.
 Well, we might have to put it.
 Flattery will get you nowhere she quipped.
 There you go.
 There's one that's right in our example.
 I should have clicked on it.
 So is anybody not picking up, but I'm putting down on where this is going? Anybody not find it cool? Maybe blessy.
 Blessy, you don't find it cool.
 Lessey's in quiet mode at the moment.
 Jonathan, I could still only see you so, you know, I'll try and change it for I don't know why I can't see, you know, Did anyone know what that setting is? I don't know unless you're all not sharing your microphone.
 Wait.
 Who's not sharing the microphone? I mean their camera.
 That's what it is.
 I don't have a camera.
 I'm on my desktop.
 You don't have a camera on your desktop? I don't believe that.
 Same.
 Number one, I don't have enough USB ports for one.
 And number two, I just I I I can a picture of my desktop if you will.
 I just don't have a camera on it.
 Oh, no problem.
 How about Carter? Carter has very fancy cameras.
 Desktop cameras are, like, twenty bucks.
 Like, granted it's gonna be, like, seven twenty p, but, like, Well, just keep in mind that Southern New Hampshire University doesn't seem to have a standard on that, but many universities have a standard where your video showing yourself is required.
 Or I would mark you down as not on video and you get points off of that.
 So some universities do do that.
 So just to keep that in now, I don't know if Southern New Hampshire changed to a standard but that's that's what they do.
 Alright.
 So if we go back to the class handout.
 So I'll get into we're gonna go the bottom half it'll just be easier to do this in person because I have some diagrams and it will make a little more sense with the diagrams that this was related to in the discussion.
 So before we go to page two, at the end of page one, are some ideas to think about writing as a process.
 And so for people who think that you know, the I'll give you the classic one.
 Where is he? So f Scott Fitzgerald.
 He's known for this.
 So has anybody read the great Gatsby or any of his works? Hands, chat.
 Ryan, Jonathan Know.
 Dan, I got two on hands up, anybody else.
 Three, four.
 I want a few more.
 So, Fitzgerald Gerald was in the roaring twenties, if you will.
 And very naturally gifted brighter.
 Worked in the time of Hemingway as well.
 And he was kind of known that he could just pull this out and he could How did he write so well? And he would say, oh it just came to me and he would quote unquote sit under a tree and he would just write under a tree.
 Well, the fact is is that's just hearsay and a story.
 And the reality is is that he worked very hard.
 So he had a set schedule.
 He worked five days a week and he did it first thing in the morning because he partied every night.
 And he did.
 He lived in New York.
 It was a roaring twenties.
 They would get dressed up.
 They would go out.
 They would dance.
 So no matter what happened, he would make sure that he's up early and he would write his pages.
 So that's part of what you start seeing over here on the chart.
 I'll pull pull it over here.
 Sorry.
 I should be using my video.
 Sorry about that.
 But the left is about more of a effective business communication.
 The right is about idea communication.
 So this is the message.
 Right side idea, left side business.
 Who's it going to? Who's your audience? Is a cross cultural differences.
 But Epstein's speech arrow spent a lot of time organizing his ideas.
 So that's the message I'm giving to you.
 If you are in a job where you get to organize ideas and write that way, you're you're in a your skills are being more maximized and so you'd like to know that.
 You can even interview and ask, well how much writing do I get to do in my job.
 So writers will have a lot of ideas.
 They tend to have read a big library some writers like HP Lovecraft didn't even come out of their house for five years, but their library of books surrounded the whole house, literally things like that.
 So and some of them do pre writing and then they have assistants who then take it and organize the pre writing into where they where it fits into a story.
 And so my ex wife, she was a writer.
 She name is doctor Jessica Anderson wrote over thirty books.
 Mhmm.
 She has her own Wikipedia page.
 And I had to do this work.
 And so I would have to take some of her ideas that she would scribble and then they would get put into a chart because they had a flowchart of basically how they built their chapters.
 And that was for romance writing books.
 So you can think of some of your business your process work is that if you create good templates and now you know if I'm saying to you get ideas.
 When you compose ideas, If you can write a sentence per idea, you can use chat GPT to help write it.
 Okay? You would help write it.
 So this whole process here, I guess I can make a screen print of it, but where Jonathan is my mouse come in when I'm to circling like that.
 Can you see that? Okay.
 Thanks Jonathan.
 I can only rely on you because everybody else is, you know, saying they're on but we don't know that's very mysterious.
 But the check you can the whole point is you need a sentence of ideas.
 A sentence, compound sentence, subject, verb, and any ancillaries.
 So and then rewriting is where Grammerly comes in and so that's the message that I'm trying to give here.
 I don't know.
 There are a lot of I want you to everybody here to know that English departments are very, very important.
 I am by no way saying there's so much more to this that I eat that I know and you know in order for you to be a successful f Scott Fitzgerald of Ryder, you go through a lot of training just like you're going training in computer science to do that.
 So just keep that in mind that if you think you're as good as a rider because of other people, well you you just better hold your horses because you don't know another person's training and all of that.
 So just try to keep that in mind.
 But regarding business communication, A lot of it's about thinking about your speaker and your audience and ensuring that the language see there's the verbal and written both of them still come down to and it doesn't say it over here and this is what I don't like to call it language.
 Alright.
 It's more than language.
 This chart needs to say word choice, how you describe influences how you are perceived by others.
 And, you know, back to the syllabus when I said Bob Moore and that he was a rainmaker, he would talk I wish we could get him in class.
 He would talk I would love to have just the video.
 You would make your head spin.
 And you really were like, why? Am I in this room? Am I talking the same thing and this person would just be he would make your head spin? I've met two people like that in my in my career.
 Bob Moore and a person named Larry Brody.
 Larry Brody was a superstar of a wizard with that.
 So I don't have the recording for you though I wish I wish I did.
 But locker is all about the inside here.
 Communication, miscommunication, cultural effective.
 Chapter five, is we'll be having more I didn't get to it this week, but we'll have more of it next week about some of the cross cultural items there.
 For instance, just having musket and I'm not, you know, ash continuing to come across that but okay well, you know, maybe there's some item like I don't know.
 Middle Eastern Swamy.
 I don't know.
 So But understanding the background on either case.
 Background is real important.
 But business communication Now this is where the change transfers over to the item below and so we'll do a flow chart on that.
 We'll jam the rest of the time today, but What's going on here is let's do a raise of hands if anyone has been aware of business methodologies for doing work such as Agile, lean, Kanban.
 Anyone? And update the chat.
 I'm gonna no one wow, that can't be.
 No one.
 Anything in this diagram Oh, you're not cut Melody.
 Thank you.
 It's not coming through as the raise your hand, so thank you on the chat.
 Let me see if I need to click on something.
 Oh, if I change screens, Melody, I see that.
 Thank you.
 I'm sorry.
 Thank you, Steven.
 So we have two, two on the call today.
 So these these technologies, they started really at General Electric.
 There is some debate before that.
 But the history, this was like the eighties and we needed to build things better.
 We're gonna build things in China.
 These Melody, these were coming out.
 Ryan was introduced through a business class that's typically where you see it.
 But these fellas here, what they want to do with business communication is in this article.
 And so I was very surprised that this, I wanted to, you know, as we move into phase two, I'm always checking research.
 And this is a great summary of agile where it came from, but it's laying the road that they want to Create templates that you write in for your business communication at jobs that you will go to.
 I think that's pretty shocking myself.
 I didn't think of that because at Google, we did all flow based tools.
 And so flow based tools are collaborative tooling where people are putting there and melding their ideas together.
 There's none of this.
 I emailed you a file.
 Ryan updates it, sends it to Melody, who sends it to Blessy, who sends it to card to finish it.
 You don't do that anymore.
 You put it on to, you know, a share tool like we're doing.
 But what they're suggesting is is that computer scientists That's what this is suggesting that I should be preparing class going forward that you all understand how to write and think in an agile format.
 I don't know what I think about that.
 What I could tell you is right here when it says the I agile mindset, I'm on page eighty six, if anyone's opened the document on in PDF.
 The teams and people have an agile mindset that exemplify the values and principles of how they work.
 These are the people who literally learn a business language in a class and that's all they say.
 So there's a lot of good and bad with that.
 It's a decreased creativity.
 You don't always have people who can really enjoy a situation or discuss it.
 But there's an owner.
 That's the product owner.
 And then the scrumming is when the owner and the people doing the work.
 They come together like in in European football.
 They have a scrum.
 To organize and and complete work together.
 So that that's the see that's the thinking behind it.
 You're gonna scrum together to solve the problem.
 And these are scored.
 They can be tied to your personal performance and you see down here the nexus of agile and strategic communication.
 So CEOs Alright.
 They're infusing it thinking principles and methods into their efforts.
 And unfortunately, that's where you all get to turn into like a termite at work.
 Because you have to be the good termite and communicate a certain way and think a certain way to get work done.
 So this is part of a larger conversation of what type of work you want to be in.
 Some people love those environments.
 That the typical one for what I'm saying is an insurance company.
 Insurance companies love what they would they're probably doing this already.
 Because insurance companies have the same language, the same communication, how they address things.
 But then they're getting into are you being adaptable.
 Again, we're not reviewing the rest of the article here.
 But the main message was is this thinking, that's why I had it here, thinking principles and methods.
 And Sometimes this will help.
 So instead of writing BS emails that aren't doing anything well if you don't have anything to say you don't have to say it.
 So that is a benefit of if this does move into a wider frame format, but the pages out on that.
 So that's all I wanted to say about that for the moment.
 Is there Any questions so far with what we've covered.
 I have no hand I have no I have no love today.
 Sarah la Only Jonathan's giving me love with this camera.
 But Pietros here and that's a lot of love.
 We like that.
 And Dan's here.
 It's just it's so cold out that no one like alive right now, so they can speak for the majority of the class.
 Everyone's feeling just like tired and like dead.
 I am currently hibernating.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Is that Daniel Murphy's high alright, who's hibernating? Let's raise your hand.
 Let's be a little interactive here.
 You can click the rate.
 Whoa.
 Alright.
 I only have four.
 Oh, five.
 Six.
 Who else is hibernating? Oh, that's great.
 Ryan you're falling asleep driving back.
 Okay.
 Well, You don't wanna do that.
 I fell asleep once and hit hit something.
 You don't wanna do that.
 I fell asleep once two but it was in my bed.
 Oh, otherwise you're in deep meditation.
 Yeah.
 Every other time I've been in bed and it's just the medicate meditation.
 Yeah.
 Medication.
 Right.
 Alright.
 I mean, yeah, enough of enough time it'll be deep.
 Well, you know, the I I can't say that.
 Yes, you can.
 Nothing's recording for this.
 I am.
 I'm recording.
 I record every Oh, that's true.
 That's true.
 Alright.
 So let's take a look.
 Let's take a look at the crew we have.
 Alright.
 And this is what I wanted to do a little bit in the beginning.
 So we're gonna do some of it today for the next twenty minutes.
 I know everybody who's here can handle this.
 Okay? We are going to jam together.
 Alright.
 So we're gonna have low pods and for the people who have doesn't don't have work cleaned up, we're gonna go clean it up.
 Alright? So I was thinking some of the earlier one here.
 So we have Blessy.
 We have Andrew.
 Carter left.
 Christopher Chris Front you here, or did you just leave? Look at that.
 Christopher Oh no.
 Not Christopher b Christian.
 I'm sorry Christian.
 And whole problem.
 I've confused you before.
 I'm so sorry.
 Alupe, no.
 Pietro, look you have a good one so why don't we do? PA trolls.
 What do we think everyone? We have another hands.
 So, I made this easy.
 Alright.
 Now we'll just go to lesson two.
 We're gonna help Pietro out.
 The lesson two was on Maslow's needs.
 Alright.
 So what you'll do is put your lesson two on another monitor.
 Right? And we'll go to the submit sheet.
 Well at well, why don't we do it on the assigned why don't we do it here so we don't screw up the main sheet.
 Okay.
 I I keep forgetting this is not I didn't database enable this because it would require something else.
 So we'll just go I'll add a column here.
 We'll add a couple of them.
 Alright.
 So we'll do it this way.
 I'll add like ten.
 I don't know how many people are gonna jam.
 Alright.
 So just put your name up top here.
 Everyone pick a column.
 So you can just start typing.
 Somebody go to the left, right on row two.
 Nice.
 In this cool, So put your name in there.
 I don't see any names, jam jam.
 Alright.
 Ryan's going real large.
 I'll I'll control that.
 Melody, thank you Melody.
 Very nice.
 Jonathan's pasting very nice.
 Don't worry.
 I can keep adjusting.
 Say this is cool.
 So we'll put Pietro in the first call.
 May you be in quiet Pietro? Did you leave? We can't hear you.
 Let's see what's happening.
 We're working on your work.
 Oh, why? Why? Because we're being -- Yeah.
 -- we're crowdsourcing.
 This is called crowdsourcing.
 Okay.
 Give me like three seconds to sit down.
 Well, I saw you had a thing up to a certain scene otherwise.
 Well, that's what we're doing.
 We're crowdsourcing.
 Blessy, Blessy may not be here.
 See, now people are being ratted out, you know, who went to go take a shower.
 Right? This wasn't my intent by the way.
 James will put you here.
 Alright.
 So I'm using three screens to do this.
 On one screen, I have the exercise.
 On the other I have the jam here.
 I'll put my name over here, so I'll be Brian and On the Maslow exercise, what would really do this with automation, but this is true crowdsourcing.
 Here that I'll go into my column.
 We can make it bigger.
 So everybody has a jam.
 And you just write about what the Maslow did or maybe making it related to Pietro.
 Right? I know it sounds silly but has anyone done any Amazon task or turker work, Amazon Turk.
 No one? So this is something that you would see on Amazon Turk on crowdsource where we all put a reflective opinion in and then they get amalgamated together.
 And so we'll use chat GPT to I will, you know, do that.
 I'll amalgamate them together.
 So all you need to write is your experience that you thought with Maslow over here.
 So you just go right into and say, you know, I'm gonna put what I like about Maslow is the ability to form the indication dialogue.
 Now if you're writing on another screen you're gonna copy and paste totally cool.
 So as a swarm, if we get six or seven entries in, we can even apply it to all of the other people.
 That's what I dreamed of.
 I wanted you to see what my This is what I thought about my truck broke.
 Go ahead, Andrew.
 Jonathan is Joe's building.
 There you go.
 Up that's Pietros.
 I know right I'm asking you to do work on demand.
 The skill is called idea for you.
 Some people, you know, like to do it more.
 I know Christian you have idea for you.
 What do we have going on over there? What? Nice work, Melody.
 I'm expecting idea for you from you, Christian.
 Don't expect anything from me.
 Alright.
 Well, try to try to get I wanna get content in to show you guys what the what we can do with it.
 So give me a few more.
 What I'm doing is I'm copying and pasting this over to Word So I would use python to assemble this together.
 You have to hit enter in order for me to see it.
 Anyone's not understanding that.
 So if you hit enter, I can see it.
 Pietro, that's all you have is levels of the pyramid.
 The wonder why we needed to help you.
 No.
 I don't mean it that way.
 I'm not that being sarcastic.
 I really am.
 I really am.
 This is what people do to help this is what people do to help one another.
 I'm sorry to I didn't I didn't mean it that way.
 I'm just giving shit it's chill.
 Okay.
 Alright.
 The last thing I wanna do is hurt anybody's feelings but sometimes again I'm overly sarcastic.
 I'm not seeing it because of the middle of a color.
 I know people are writing.
 Jonathan's writing a book.
 Dan, what do you have? I don't know who this is.
 I don't know who's in column k.
 Put your name up, take your name.
 Good job though.
 Loving that.
 Alright.
 I'll just start to work with one.
 So on the video on my screen now you're seeing me put I'm getting you sure I have a connection to Chat GPT.
 Oh, we got another one there.
 Thank you, Dan.
 Like it.
 Appreciate you hitting that door while you're doing it.
 Up imagine who wrote imagine.
 Oh, right.
 Oh, that's very good.
 See, Ryan's used the word there.
 We put imagine That's why John Lennon's song imagine all the people.
 Now we can start to look at syllables Pietro is flying now.
 Jonathan, nice work.
 Maslow, I like their ability.
 Comprehendable.
 It's good regarding is a great word.
 Okay.
 So I don't have I think I'm missing oh, wanna have Christian as maslow's excellent for some ability.
 Alright.
 So, Now over on chat GPT, we're gonna say, let's organize this.
 So sometimes if you use a natural language understanding, it preps the machine on what its task will be.
 Now it's able to research who Maslow is.
 So let's take a look while we wrap up what everybody's doing over there.
 Let's take a look on my screen.
 If you can't see my screen because some of you don't have a computer, I will put it on the spreadsheet.
 It's what it said.
 I'm putting it in d two.
 I'll just quickly merge it into some cells together.
 I know some of you don't have a monitor.
 So hopefully you'll be able to read it now.
 We need to change it, feel feel free.
 I'll just scroll it up.
 So I'm trying to compare Cameleon changed it.
 It's alright chameleon.
 Alright.
 There we go.
 So you were wrestling a little bit but not too bad.
 Alright.
 So let's see what it missed.
 I don't know what the right.
 What's that? Everybody okay or no? And Steven? Steven leave.
 No.
 Usually, they are Stephen.
 So let's take a look.
 So on the polysyllabic side, now Ryan used the word imagine.
 So Ryan's common on imagine was taken away even though imagine gives you a feeling.
 Do you need me to zoom in Jonathan? Just wanna make sure you can read.
 Okay.
 Too big? I I I got good eyesight.
 I just need it.
 So, I just delete it.
 I deleted it somehow.
 So we're getting more on the second round.
 Everybody seeing that.
 Now, On the new one that it did if you look, what it did is for reducing uncertainty.
 So from our reading our reading was focused on describing the uncertainty principle.
 So here you are you did an assessment.
 However, you've lost the gist of what you were assessing.
 So I'm not sure whose comment this was, but this is what I'm trying to say about what is not happening with Chat GPing.
 So you would then have to take this and ensure or add to it the uncertainty principle and or Ryan's principle of meaning or getting into some kind of if you're trying to go to a higher idea like Imagine.
 Or business communication document if you were trying to be more technical on something specific.
 So technical here was the pyramid like structure organizes human needs into five tiers.
 So that's the technical information of this model.
 So We will now just take this and we'll finish the loop.
 I see a show of hands of people are enjoying this today.
 I'm trying to make sure I use your time valuable.
 Dan says he likes it.
 Thank you, Pietro.
 Now, Thank you, James.
 More cutter, remote cost of overhead.
 Well, that's very kind to you.
 I appreciate that.
 Thank you.
 I I really do.
 That that's me.
 Thank you.
 I appreciate that.
 I always work to have material prepared.
 So But a lot of remote classes, it's just like slide shows or something.
 Or use a failed attempt to just emulate what's in class or this is kind of like its own somewhat unique thing? Well, I, you know, I take this work very, you know, I want people have good experience and learn so you're successful.
 I don't want you to have jobs that I've had.
 You haven't heard me say that too much but I really don't.
 So I know there's only a few minutes left if anybody wants to continue staying they can, but but what I want to introduce you to here, and this is a good part of Grammarie but not a great part.
 Is we're using the word comprehensible.
 So look what grammarly did.
 It took a five syllable beautiful word.
 Whoever wrote comprehensible.
 Whoever wrote that awesome.
 So happy you did that.
 And it said, even a knowledgeable audience might be unfamiliar.
 Really? Alright.
 That's crap.
 So now this is where you have to know your customer.
 Grammarly really isn't used by a lot of academic type customers.
 So That's one reason it scored it into a knowledgeable audience, but the message is scoring.
 That word was scored with five syllables and it moved it to characterization of knowledge audience.
 That's what I want you to understand about text mining.
 And so we'll say no, we don't like that.
 We it could say incorrect suggestion and I sometimes do that.
 Now on the next sentence, it says the ability to communicate effectively and build understanding.
 It is missing an article.
 So depending upon if you were sending this to an editor, a business person wouldn't care.
 But you are missing an article and and so in terms of the parts of speech, this is where Grammarly hit the nail on the head.
 It made a nice correction for us.
 So we'll say thank you.
 And now Grammarly went to the next level where it says okay, we can write this a little better, communicating effectively and understanding.
 Now it's combining the polysyllabic words and it's making a multisyllabic phrase.
 So this is the new word I'm saying to you, Multi syllabic phraseology.
 So now if you are the business leader, they're gonna be thinking Jonathan, good job.
 I like this.
 Right? The communicating effectively and understandings other situation is crucified, satisfying their needs, fostering relationships, promoting collaboration, and it says and personal growth.
 Does anyone see anything here that could be improved upon further they would like to offer? So is anyone want to say in that sentence what it did at the end of the sentence particularly what it did that grammatically isn't correct.
 I'm not asking you to be grammarians but I want you to recognize.
 I know Ryan's got it.
 Nomality, I know you, I know that you have it.
 Well maybe Melody left.
 I'm not sure.
 I'm on different.
 Keep switching screens.
 Go ahead, James.
 You don't have to raise your hand just so to speak.
 No worries.
 I understand.
 What all we're looking at is just this sentence here what happened at the last sentence where Grammerly missed.
 In terms of grammar or how it could the sentence could be improved.
 It kind of Well, I'll just get to it.
 I don't want to keep people very long but it carried on too long and promoting capitalization and personal growth.
 So that's where it crossed the line between oh, that's okay.
 James.
 Across the line situations where if you made this tighter, crucial and satisfying these needs, fostering relationships, and, you know, fostering relationships and I don't know what we would say.
 I lost my train of thought.
 But we would just simplify it where instead of satisfying your deeds, fostering relationships, and achieving personal growth.
 Alright.
 I'll just make it simple.
 So we tighten the phrase to get to the punch line.
 So sometimes some people would teach every sentence has a beginning middle and end and then you get a so you can punch.
 So now this is where Chat GPT did a nice job because it provided a summary.
 So let's remember what it gave us.
 Right? We gave it all of these sentences and look what it did.
 It provided a one sentence summary.
 So that's where from earlier when we were looking at the learning objectives for this week when it says eliminate unnecessary words and have a short conclusion and it did that.
 So it did that very well.
 Now you could start to argue overall.
 Do I like that? Maybe does it provides a valuable insight.
 Does this tell you anything? This is what you'll start to see when You know, we're having more communication where I'm more grammatically changing it.
 This all talked about the insight.
 So saying it provides valuable insight is redundant to what you set up here.
 So those are the type of things when you start to think of are you having too many words or you want people to get to the next? So you know, you could have something just as simple as Maslow's theory continues to illustrate continues as a successful model to illustrate the complex behavior of humans, something like that.
 I'm not multitasking too well but we'll just say that Right? So this is an example to get back to our end goal.
 We then write a little in in here it corrects it for us and there's no option to turn this off.
 Gramelie won't let you do that.
 So now we have this form We did a crowdsourced together, so you've now compressed people's ideas together and We can that will be our Swarm result for Pietro.
 And everybody else who hasn't finished this exercise.
 So this is part of the theory that I want you to understand in the world you're working in today, you're never alone either.
 Lot of businesses are going to want people to work together to you're helping to bring each other along.
 And so Ryan Ryan Ryan Stephen.
 That's what we're able to do.
 So I appreciate.
 I know we ran a little over.
 Thank you for staying.
 I'm happy to continue talking if you want.
 That's not a problem.
 But I end up for those who still need to go with no insult or anything.
 So thank you.
 Well, those who wanna have a discussion like Andrew? I have to I have to enter my next class.
 So thank you, and good rest of your day.
 Alright.
 Thank you, Andrew.
 Yep.
 Also before I go Thank you, Dan.
 How do I like, do the word wrap text wrap on the spreadsheet because I I wrote something in my column, but I don't think it's word wrapping So right under the below the three is where the word wrap, text wrap is.
 Three.
 Top at the top of the quick one is text wrap.
 It's next to the a.
 And James, if you want to do some jamming on yours, we can do one on yours too.
 And Jonathan, if we want to jam one on yours, if we want to punch out a couple that's that's that's cool.
 I think the class needs a little more interactive like that.
 But I want to make sure like what you were saying Jonathan that you're not just digesting a PowerPoint.
 Yeah.
 I want you to see programmatically what what what people are trying to do out in the business world.
 You know, but think about this.
 Now think about what we did.
 You can automate that.
 So instead of needing all of these people, this is what I'm afraid of.
 Instead of needing all these people to get good ideas, Jonathan, now you only need three people.
 That's the that's the reality there.
 One people wanna say, wouldn't hurt.
 But yeah.
 Well it's just you and I now, Jonathan.
 If you want to do a jam together we can, I don't know, but I think I'm pretty good? Yeah.
 Okay.
 No problem.
 Frankie though.
 Well, I really appreciate your comment there and I'm glad that everybody kinda got the, you know, I didn't wanna introduce this earlier because I wanted people to be generating content.
 Now now people can see why.
 So, alright.
 Well, thank you for that very much and What's sorry to interrupt, but what's the setting for that everyone's using? Because because I want a map.
 Well, you can highlight a cell and you can do format, text, you can do format wrapping as one place where it is.
 And I don't know Jonathan if you can field one more of his questions.
 I have a hope you back in just a second.
 Alright.
 Never mind.
 I got it.
 I got it.
 Alright.
 Thank you.
 Have a good rest of your day.
 Oh, yay.
 They're hurt if I don't want.
 Yep.
 Thank you.
 Oh, hello.
 I'm glad we had this.
 And I figured I just wanted to tell you, like, he finished it, figured it out right as you kind of started leaving.
 Oh, well that's good.
 Andrew has been a learning for me because he's not as familiar with the spreadsheet.
 So Yeah.
 I just wanted to say say that.
 She was, like, wondering what happened and whatnot.
 And I was supposed to stay by and have a good day weekend.
 You know? Well, I appreciate that.
 Thank you for letting me know.
 So so what I'm gonna do is I'll finish writing up we did here, and I'll put it in our class notes.
 And because it's a technique now we went through so we have a full technique to show and Since you're here, I'll just let you know that in any of the work here, I update all these notes to the syllabus.
 So then at the end of the semester, you want to make sure you at least grab that or it'll always be here, but at least you know where it is.
 Because then it's a full document summary of what we did in class.
 Alright.
 So there you go.
 I hope you have a super weekend and I'm glad that you're able to have lunch with the family.
 Breakfast.
 Not lunch yet.
 Well, lunch now.
 Have a good one.
 Alright.
 Take care.
 Bye.
 Bye.
.
Colab paid products - Cancel contracts here

check
0s
completed at 5:38PM
