Thank you for meeting on the 14th, learning about my character, sharing ideas, and brainstorming. I appreciate your time, energy, and insights, especially your quip, “and now what.” And now what! possesses a curious stick-to-itiveness, and here’s how I put it to use.

The following working document comprises research drivers, science and critical thinking course agency, and tangential learning experience. They explore your phraseology, And now what! while considering the persistent and pervasive nature of Large Language Model systems (LLMs) such as Generative Pre-training Transformers (GPT) like ChatGPT. 

My thoughts are grafted with SNHU's mission of reinventing higher education needs to fit the students and transform the lives of learners. I also feel deeply about the value of preparedness and providing mechanisms for students to build career sustainability and viability, especially given the enormity of their investment weighed with rapid skill absorption, mainly targeting Bachelor, Master's, and professional degrees [1, p15].

The following zeros on what students can achieve today by emphasizing tooling. Tooling embraces the physicality spirit of crafting an item, part, or instrument with machinist tools such as taps, dies, surface smoothness gauges, reamers, and measurers like micrometers and verniers. By teaching students how to pragmatically assess a need or skill necessary to solve a mousetrap and equipping them with research methods and iterative thinking, they can use a combination of conversational AI and coding to tool an item.

Researchers argue "that it is essential to view LLMs as versatile building blocks for creating additional tools. The authors are implying "production tools" as coded and embedded into larger systems. However, teaching students to build the tools they need now or in a business situation has enormous value. For this exercise, I built a case study on how I built a text "information gain" widget measuring how much "blather" my description included. My original edits scored x, and my final was y.
